some of the hobbies that I have time for our scuba diving spear phishing
doing other things out on the water and another one is is hiking
currently being station here in San Diego over the past several years
I've been slowly whittling away on the Pacific crest trail so the
Pacific crest trail is about twenty six hundred miles they go from the
border of Mexico all the way to the border of Canada and when I'm
able to take time I take some time off work I usually do about a week
at a time on the trail and usually bang out anywhere from eighty
to a hundred miles so currently I've got about four hundred miles that
I've done on the Pacific crest trail and that's where the hobbies
that I do I like to like to hike in due out outdoor activities